
Steps: 
1. Data cleaning: 
    a. English Speaker (engnat): Ineffective data filter— both creators are non-native English speakers
        yet we can complete the questionnaire without friction. Hence drop column engnat 

    b. Drop time and position column: drop.Q#I and E

    c. Validity test: Create a new column call VCLT, that record the sum of VCL 1 - 16.
        Drop any row VCLT < 10 

    d. Drop column screen size 

    f. uniquenetworkloaction: due to data clarity we are dropping this column as this 
        column does not consider students from the same organization or institute.

    g:  Drop introelapse and surveyelapse 

    h: Match scale: (http://thetwigcentre.co.nz/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/dass42-questionnaire.pdf) Since we are using this score sheet 
        we are matching the current dataset score to the score sheet. 

    i: Create three new column call D score (Depression), A score (Anxiety), S score (Stress). 
        Sum the corresponding column. (Score have different severity please refer to the pdf)

    k: Export data to a new CSV file call s_dassdata.csv

---------------

2. Question we want to ask

Macro: 
    a. What is the general trend? 
        a.1 Are people generally depressed anxious or stressed? (Serveity from Mild to extreme)
        a.2 What is the severity of each category 

    b. Are people only affected by one category or several? 

    c. Does generder effect ppl's DASS score?
        c.1 Does gender influence people's depression score 
        c.2 Does gender influence people's anxiety score 
        c.3 Does gender influence people's stress score 

    d. What is the corrlation between age and DASS score?
        d.1 What age group are more depressed? 
        d.2 What age group are more anxious?
        d.3 what age group are more stressed? 
        d.4 what about the severity? 

    e. Geo-location and the corrlation of ppl's DASS score?


Micro: 
    a. What is the corrlation between ppl's education and their DAS score 

    b. What is the corrlation between ppl's hand choice and their DAS score

    c. What is the corrlation between ppl's religion and their DAS score  

    d. What is the corrlation between ppl's sexual orientation and their DAS score 

    e. What is the corrlation between ppl's race and their DAS score   

    f. What is the corrlation between ppl's voted and their DAS score  

    g. What is the corrlation between ppl's martial status and their DAS score  

    h. What is the corrlation between ppl's family size and their DAS score  

    i. What is the corrlation between ppl's major and their DAS score 

    j.  Are people searching on google tend to have higher DAS score? 

